[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ GUN COCKS ]
[ POUNDING ON DOOR ]
[ GRUNTS ]
FREEZE!
Ferguson:
I'LL FLANK HIM!
AFTER A COUPLE OF YEARS
ON THE JOB,
EVERY COP HAS TO MAKE
A DECISION
ABOUT WHAT KIND OF COP
THEY'RE GONNA BE.
THE TIME HAS COME FOR
OFFICER BEN SHERMAN TO DECIDE.
[ SIGHS ]
MORNING, DETECTIVE.
COME ON BACK.
THANKS FOR FITTING ME IN,
DOCTOR.
I'VE DECIDED TO LET
THE DEPARTMENT KNOW TODAY
THAT I'M PREGNANT.
AND I WAS READING THE MANUAL,
AND ACCORDING TO POLICY --
WHICH LETTER
DO YOU WANT?
EXCUSE ME?
DO YOU WANT THE LETTER
ASSIGNING YOU HOME
FOR THE DURATION
OF YOUR PREGNANCY,
THE ONE PUTTING YOU
ON LIGHT DUTY,
OR THE ONE WHERE I SAY
YOU CAN STAY ON THE JOB
UNTIL YOU POP?
ISN'T THAT...
YOUR DECISION?
IT SHOULD BE, BUT IF YOU
DON'T LIKE MY OPINION,
YOU'LL JUST
GO DOCTOR SHOPPING
UNTIL YOU GET THE LETTER
YOU WANT.
YEAH, BUT YOU SAID
MY RISK FACTORS...
DO I NEED
TO TICK THEM OFF AGAIN?
WE'VE DISCUSSED THIS
BEFORE.
NO, IT'S JUST --
LOOK, I WAS HAPPY TO FIT
YOU IN THIS MORNING
AT THE LAST MINUTE,
BUT I HAVE PATIENTS WAITING.
IT'S YOUR LIFE,
YOUR BABY.
WHEN YOU DECIDE WHAT LETTER
YOU WANT,
JUST CALL MY OFFICE,
AND I'LL FAX IT TO YOU.
OKAY. THANK YOU.
MM-HMM.
LAST NIGHT IN THE GARAGE
OFF EAST 7th,
THIS "REHABILITATED CITIZEN"
TURNED HIS PIT BULL
ON HIS PAROLE OFFICER
BEFORE BRAINING THE P.O.
WITH A TIRE IRON.
A LONG-GRID SEARCH
CAME UP EMPTY,
SO THERE'S A TAC ALERT
AT ALVARADO.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN, THIS ASSHOLE
COULD BE ANYWHERE, OKAY?
SO KEEP YOUR EYES PEELED.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
ROLL OUT. BE SAFE.
OH, WAIT, WAIT, HOLD ON.
HOLD ON.
I ALSO MEANT TO SAY
THAT THIS IS OFFICER TANG'S
LAST DAY ON PATROL.
SHE'LL BE WHEELING OUT TOMORROW
TO JOIN WEST DIVISION
AS A SERGEANT.
[ APPLAUSE ]
THE "SUN AND SURF"
DIVISION?
JOY LUCK JUST KEEPS
GETTING LUCKIER.
HEY, DRINKS TONIGHT IN HER HONOR
AT THE TEN RING,
AND FIRST ROUND IS ON ME.
[ APPLAUSE ]
I'M HIS PARTNER.
THANKS.
THERE HE IS.
I SAVED YOU MY JELLO.
I GOT YOUR FAVORITE.
OH. LANGER'S.
EXTRA KRAUT?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW IT.
HOW YOU FEELING?
KIND OF LIKE
A FOREIGN DICTATOR
IN TOWN
FOR A KIDNEY TRANSPLANT.
YEAH, MY DETAIL FINALLY LEFT
MY HOUSE AT 0600.
BEEN FEELING LIKE A PRISONER
THE LAST THREE DAYS.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YOU WANT TO GET
HER PHONE NUMBER?
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
YOU GOING BACK ON DUTY
TODAY?
[ SNIFFS ]
YEAH.
DO YOU THINK
THAT'S SMART?
MY ARM'S NOT BROKEN.
SHOULDN'T YOU -- I DON'T KNOW --
TAKE A FEW DAYS OFF?
TALKED TO THE SHRINK
THIS MORNING, SAYS I'M FINE.
[ SIGHS ]
I'M FINE.
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW, EVEN IF THEY FIND
THAT SHIT-HEAD RONNIE
AND HE SAYS
THAT YOU BEAT HIM UP,
SO WHAT?
IT'S YOUR WORD AGAINST HIS.
WORST-CASE SCENARIO...
YOU ADMIT IT.
OKAY, YES,
YOU BEAT UP A PIMP
WHO WAS PUTTING
HIS 13-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER
OUT ON THE STROLL,
BUT SO WHAT?
MOTHERFUCKER
TRIED TO KILL YOU.
YOU GET A BOARD OF RIGHTS,
A COUPLE OF WEEKS OFF,
AND HE GETS 25 YEARS
TO LIFE
FOR THE ATTEMPTED MURDER
OF A POLICE OFFICER.
I'M SERIOUS, MAN --
TAKE A COUPLE WEEKS,
TAKE A TRIP TO CATALINA,
WHATEVER.
TAKE WHAT'S-HER-FACE,
OR THE OTHER ONE, THE WAITRESS.
I CAN'T [SCOFFS] EVEN TRY TO
KEEP THEM ALL STRAIGHT.
JUST HAVE FUN, UNPLUG.
OR BETTER YET,
STAY HERE WITH ME.
HANG OUT.
WE COULD PLAY MONOPOLY.
I'M -- I'M BOUNCING
OFF THE WALLS.
HEY, HEY, HEY,
TOMORROW AFTERNOON --
WE COULD TALK ABOUT
EACH OTHER'S FEELINGS.
TOMORROW AFTERNOON --
COME ON, MAN.
TOMORROW AFTERNOON,
POOL PARTY AT JONES'
TO WELCOME YOU BACK, OKAY?
HEY.
REST UP.
GOD DAMN IT, YOU WON'T EVEN
FUCKING LOOK AT ME.
OKAY?
COME ON, MAN.
CHILL OUT.
I DIDN'T JUST END UP
ON PATROL, MAN.
I CAME BACK BECAUSE I THOUGHT
I COULD HELP YOUNGER OFFICERS.
NOW I FEEL LIKE
I FAILED YOU.
OKAY? I WATCHED MY PARTNER
GET KILLED
NOT FIVE FEET FROM ME,
ALL RIGHT?
YOU THINK
THAT I DIDN'T SEE RED?
I SAW IT FOR MONTHS.
I WENT THAT CLOSE
TO THE EDGE
AND I ALMOST JUMPED.
I GET IT.
LET ME HELP YOU WORK
YOUR WAY THROUGH IT.
I FEEL LIKE
I LET YOU DOWN.
YOU DIDN'T, MAN.
YOU DIDN'T.
ALL RIGHT?
REST UP.
WE GOT TO DO SOME DRINKING.
[ TRAY BANGS ]
[ SIGHS ]
Fernandez:
THE FIRE'S OUT?
COMPLETELY?
GOOD.
NO, JUST KEEP IT SECURE.
OKAY, BYE.
DOUBLE HOMICIDE LAST NIGHT,
PLUS TWO KIDS
AT THE U.S.C. BURN UNIT.
RESIDENTIAL,
HERE'S THE ADDRESS.
I'M PREGNANT.
REALLY?
FIRST I THOUGHT
YOU WERE GETTING FAT,
WHICH MADE ME HAPPY,
BUT THEN
WE ALL FIGURED IT OUT.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST SAY SOMETHING?
I TRIED.
I LET IT SLIDE.
YOU HAVE A NOTE
FROM YOUR DOCTOR?
NOT YET.
WHY NOT?
WE'RE WAITING
ON A FEW MORE TESTS,
AND THEN I GUESS
SHE'LL DECIDE.
WELL,
THAT'S JUST GREAT.
I GUESS I'LL JUST
DO THIS ONE.
WHOA, WHAT
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
UNTIL I GET A DOCTOR'S NOTE
FROM YOU,
I CAN'T LET YOU OUT
IN THE FIELD.
WHY NOT?
SO YOU WON'T SUE THE DEPARTMENT
IF THINGS GO SIDEWAYS.
BUT NOTHING'S CHANGED
SINCE YESTERDAY
ALL THAT'S CHANGED
IS I TOLD YOU.
YEAH, AND NOW I KNOW.
SO I HAVE TO SIT YOUR ASS
DOWN AT A DESK.
OKAY,
SO YOU DON'T KNOW.
I CAME IN, YOU GAVE ME THE CASE,
I LEFT.
NOTHING WAS DISCUSSED.
THE TESTS
ARE JUST A PRECAUTION.
I AM NEVER GONNA LET
A DOCTOR KEEP ME OFF THE JOB.
ALL RIGHT.
BUT IF ANYTHING HAPPENS
TO YOU OUT THERE,
I DIDN'T KNOW.
OKAY. I GOT IT.
YOU GOT IT?
Tang: [ LAUGHING ]
LOOK AT THIS GUY.
OH, MAN.
13 YEARS PATROLLING.
I MIGHT JUST MISS
THIS FREAK SHOW.
HEY, YOU KNOW,
IT'S GONNA BE A WHILE
BEFORE I'M BACK
IN THIS DIVISION.
I'D LIKE TO DO A COUPLE THINGS
BEFORE THE END OF THE DAY.
YOU OKAY WITH THAT?
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
SURE.
SHERMAN, WAIT UP!
YOU GONNA HEAD OUT
WITHOUT ME, MAN?
[ SIGHS ]
YOU GET TO SEE BRYANT
THIS MORNING?
HOW'S HE DOING?
HE'S FINE.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU UP LATE BANGING BUNNIES?
BETTER PACE YOURSELF,
FABIO.
YOU'RE GONNA WIND UP
ON DISABILITY.
YOU GOT MY KEYS?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW THEY'RE PAYING
CASH OVERTIME ON THIS?
WHAT KIND OF A WORLD IS IT
WHERE WE GOT TO PRAY
FOR VIOLENT FUGITIVES TO BE
ON THE LOOSE ON THE STREET
JUST SO WE COULD HAVE
A BETTER STANDARD OF LIVING?
DETECTIVES
GET ANY LEADS YET
ON THAT ASSHOLE
WHO TOOK A SHOT AT YOU GUYS?
NOT THAT I'VE HEARD.
NO?
YOU HAD TO PISS
OFF SOMEBODY DURING THE
NORMAL COURSE OF BUSINESS.
DETECTIVES ARE CALLING IT
RANDOM.
[ LAUGHING ]
AND YOU'RE OKAY WITH THAT?
I MEAN, SHIT.
IF IT WERE ME,
I'D HIT EVERY CORNER
AND FLOPHOUSE IN THIS CITY,
ROUST EVERY KNUCKLEHEAD
TILL SOMEBODY COUGHED UP A NAME.
I MEAN, THE MOOKS
JUST CAN'T BE OUT THERE
THINKING THEY CAN
SHOOT AT COPS AND SKATE, MAN,
GOT TO SEND A MESSAGE.
SERIOUSLY, YOU OKAY?
DISPATCHER: Any available units,
415, family dispute.
BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT I WAS THINKING?
THOSE ARE $3, $4 A POP.
I MIGHT JUST GO TO SINATRA'S
TO BUY SOME NEW UNIFORMS.
LET'S STOP
BY LIONEL DAFFERN'S.
I WANT TO SAY GOODBYE
TO HIM.
IF YOU WANT.
WHY HIM?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST LIKE THE OLD COOT.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
IN A SCHOOL ZONE?
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
HELLO, LADIES. HOW'S TRICKS?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
COME ON.
I AIN'T GONNA HASSLE YOU.
MATTER OF FACT,
CHECK THIS OUT.
YOU GUYS
SEEN CRYSTAL?
VICE IS GONNA BE AROUND
TONIGHT,
SO KEEP AN EYE OUT FOR
A BLACK FORD F-150,
'CAUSE IT'S GONNA BE
THE PO-PO.
GET OUT OF HERE!
GET LOST!
CRYSTAL, STOP!
STOP, OR I'M GONNA CHASE YOU,
WHICH WILL MAKE IT WORSE
WHEN I BOOK YOU
FOR THAT CHRONIC.
Crystal:
STREET FULL OF GIRLS,
YOU GOT TO KEEP
MESSING WITH ME.
Ben: IT'S YOUR SUNNY
PERSONALITY. WHERE'S AMBER?
FUCK IF I KNOW.
THINK TWICE. AMBER?
SWEAR I --
IS THAT THINKING TWICE?
AW, LADIES, PLEASE,
I'M HELPING YOU OUT HERE.
GIVE ME SOME LOVE, HUH?
COME ON.
ONE LAST CHANCE.
TIP TOP MOTEL,
OVER ON SOUTH RIO --
ROOM 122.
LAST TIME
I SAW HER ANYWAY.
[ GASPS ]
GO ON,
GET OUT OF HERE.
[ RAP MUSIC BLARES ]
Tang: HEY,
MIND IF I TAKE THIS?
COULD BE MY LAST TICKET
FOR A WHILE.
[ SIREN WAILING ]
LICENSE, REGISTRATION,
AND PROOF OF INSURANCE.
AND, HEY,
TURN THE MUSIC DOWN!
COME ON, CUT ME A BREAK.
[ MUSIC STOPS ]
I WAS CAUGHT UP
IN THE BEAT.
[ HORNS HONKING ]
YEAH, WELL,
THE BEAT IS NO EXCUSE
FOR BREAKING THE LAW.
LICENSE, REGISTRATION,
PROOF OF INSURANCE.
SHIT!
HOW MUCH THIS TIME?
WHAT DO I LOOK LIKE,
THE COUNTY CLERK?
YOU GOT
TO CALL TRAFFIC COURT
TO FIND OUT.
BULLSHIT, YOU KNOW.
GOTTEN A FEW TICKETS
LATELY, SON?
WELL, KEVIN,
SINCE YOU ASKED,
YOU'RE LOOKING
AT ABOUT $450.
WHAT?!
MM-HMM.
THAT'S IF YOU GET
TO KEEP YOUR LICENSE.
OH, NO, COME ON!
YOU CAN'T DO ME LIKE THAT, BABY!
"BABY"?
OFFICER, I'M SORRY.
IT'S JUST -- I GET --
THERE'S GOT TO BE
SOME OTHER WAY.
I CAN'T LOSE MY LICENSE.
MY DAD WILL KILL ME.
YEAH. WELL,
I CAN'T HELP YOU WITH THAT.
HEY, DO YOU LIKE MUSIC?
DO YOU HAVE AN iPod?
I JUST GOT THIS NEW ONE.
ARE YOU TRYING TO NOW
BRIBE ME, KEVIN?
NO, NO, NO!
NO! NO!
NOT AT ALL.
I JUST -- I --
I'LL DO ANYTHING! PLEASE!
BOTH MY PARENTS WORK.
IF I CAN'T DRIVE,
I'LL HAVE TO DROP SOCCER.
PLEASE!
JUST WRITE THE TICKET.
I NEED SOME CAFFEINE.
IT'S NOT LIKE
HE'S NOT STONE-COLD RAPIST.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
THIS KID ALREADY GETS
AN "A" IN ASSHOLE,
AND HE'S NOT EVEN
OUT OF PUBERTY.
AH, HE PLAYS SOCCER.
IT'S MY LAST DAY.
I'LL GIVE HIM A CHANCE
AT REDEMPTION.
ALL RIGHT, KEVIN.
STEP OUT OF THE CAR.
WHAT? WHY?
YOU WANT A BREAK,
STEP OUT OF THE CAR.
[ SIGHS ]
GO UP TO THE PAVEMENT,
PLEASE.
YOU KNOW THAT NICKI MINAJ SONG,
"SUPER BASS"?
YEAH.
YEAH, OKAY, WELL --
EVER SINCE I HEARD IT,
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO UN-HEAR IT.
PERFECT.
I THINK YOU'RE GONNA BELT OUT
A CHORUS FOR US,
WITH FEELING.
AND YOU DO A LITTLE DANCE
FROM THE VIDEO,
ADD SOME SEXY HIP,
WE'LL LET YOU SKATE.
YEAH, GO AHEAD. USE THAT
LITTLE AREA AS A STAGE.
SHE'S A SERGEANT.
THIS OFFER EXPIRES
IN FIVE, FOUR...
LOOK --
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
...THREE...
[ LAUGHTER ]
* BOY, YOU GOT MY HEARTBEAT
RUNNIN' AWAY *
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
* BEATING LIKE A DRUM *
* AND IT'S COMING YOUR WAY *
* YEAH, YOU GOT THAT
BOOM, BADOOM, BOOM *
* BOOM, BADOOM, BOOM BASS *
Tang: PUT SOME LIFE INTO IT!
* HE GOT THAT SUPER BASS *
* BOOM, BADOOM, BOOM,
BOOM, BADOOM, BOOM BASS *
THERE YOU GO!
* YEAH,
THAT'S THAT SUPER BASS *
* BOOM, BADOOM, BOOM,
BOOM, BADOOM, BOOM BASS *
* YEAH,
THAT'S THAT SUPER BASS *
[ CHEERING ]
ALL RIGHT.
YOU'RE OFF THE HOOK.
COME ON.
[ SIGHS ]
WATCH YOUR SPEED,
ALL RIGHT?
THANK YOU.
[ BELL DINGING ]
SO, HEY, WHAT DO YOU TELL
A WOMAN WITH TWO BLACK EYES?
NOTHING. YOU ALREADY
TOLD HER TWICE.
[ LAUGHS ]
OH, WHAT? COME ON.
YOU'RE NOT GOING ALL P.C.
ON ME, ARE YOU?
I THOUGHT YOU AND ME
WERE PAST THAT CRAP.
I THINK I MIGHT HAVE A LEAD
ON THAT PAROLEE.
YEAH,
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SO?
HERE I AM THINKING WE CAME UP
WITH NADA.
IT'S NOT SUPER SOLID.
JUST SOME GIRL
HE MIGHT HAVE HUNG WITH.
WHAT ELSE WE GOT TO DO, BRO?
LET'S HIT IT.
[ DOG BARKING ]
HEY.
REAL HORROR SHOW.
YEAH.
THAT'S MARTHA LOWELL.
SHE LIVES NEXT DOOR.
SHE GAVE US THE NAME OF THE GUY
THAT SHE SAID DID IT --
RAMON DALLO.
WE'VE ALREADY GOT
UNITS OUT LOOKING.
YOU FINISH CANVASSING?
YEAH.
ANY OTHER WITNESSES?
YEAH, A DOG WALKER
NAMED TRACY HAYWOOD,
SAID SHE'D COME
BY THE STATION.
ALL RIGHT.
THANKS, LOPEZ.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
MS. LOWELL,
HOW YOU DOING?
I'M DETECTIVE
LYDIA ADAMS.
OH. IT WAS RAMON --
RAMON DALLO.
YEAH, I UNDERSTAND
YOU SAW EVERYTHING.
UH, IT WAS, UM --
IT WAS 4:57 A.M.,
'CAUSE I LOOKED
AT THE CLOCK.
IT WOKE ME UP.
I-I WENT TO THE WINDOW.
AND I SAW RAMON OUT ON THE LAWN,
YELLING HIS HEAD OFF.
AND THEN SAM CAME TO THE DOOR
AND TOLD RAMON TO LEAVE.
LEAVE
OR HE'D CALL THE POLICE.
RAMON WENT BACK
TO HIS CAR,
AND HE GOT
THESE BOTTLES OF GAS.
HE LIT THEM,
AND HE THREW THEM ON THE PORCH.
ONE OF THEM HIT SAM IN THE LEG.
IT WAS AWFUL.
SAM CAUGHT FIRE.
[ CRYING ]
YOU OKAY?
YEAH. YOU SHOULD SEE
THE BURNS ON THE KIDS.
HEY. OPEN THE DOOR.
[ LOCK TURNS ]
YOU CAN'T JUST
COME IN WHENEVER!
Ben:
WHERE'S YOUR MOM?
I DON'T KNOW!
WHO DID THIS TO YOU?
WHO?
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO,
PUT ME IN FOSTER CARE AGAIN?
I WANT TO BE
WITH MY MOM.
I CAN LEAVE YOUR MOM
OUT OF THIS.
JUST TELL ME
WHERE RONNIE IS.
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
WHERE IS HE?
HE HASN'T BEEN AROUND
SINCE SOMEONE BEAT HIM UP.
YEAH. YOU GOING OUT
ON THE STROLL, HMM?
IS THAT WHAT
THEY GOT YOU DOING?
LEAST YOUR PARENTS ARE
TAKING GOOD CARE OF YOU.
HEY! HEY, COME HERE!
COME HERE!
SHERMAN -- HEY! SHIT.
LET ME GO!
PLEASE LET ME GO!
PLEASE!
LET ME GO, PLEASE.
GET THE DOOR.
PLEASE. NO. NO.
NO, PLEASE.
LET ME GO!
PLEASE LET ME GO!
"RONNIE"?
LET ME GO!
COME ON, PLEASE!
HEY, YOU NEVER TOLD ME
WHY YOU BECAME A COP.
IS THAT
A "LAST DAY" QUESTION?
MAYBE.
IT'S THE RENT WE PAY
FOR OUR ROOM ON THIS PLANET.
I THINK I HEARD THAT.
IT'S MUHAMMAD ALI.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M PRETTY SURE
HE STOLE IT, TOO.
MY UNCLE RAN A RESTAURANT.
HE WAS A CHEAP SON OF A BITCH.
HE WOULD DELIVER THE FOOD
HIMSELF ON THIS BIKE
HELD TOGETHER
WITH DUCT TAPE.
MY AUNT AND I WERE HOME ALONE.
THE DOORBELL RANG.
MY UNCLE HAD BEEN
HIT BY A TRUCK, KILLED.
COP HAD TO
BREAK THE NEWS.
I JUST REMEMBER HIM
HOLDING HER UP
TILL MY MOM GOT HOME.
I GUESS IT WAS
THE WAY HE SPOKE.
I DON'T KNOW.
ANYWAY, I JUST THOUGHT,
"YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WANT TO BE ABLE TO DO THAT
FOR SOMEONE SOMEDAY."
DISPATCHER:
Any unit in the vicinity
of Sunset and Lemoyne,
report of a man and woman
arguing in the street.
A57,
SHOW US HANDLING.
57, roger.
HEY.
CAN YOU TAKE A PICTURE
OF ME
WITH THE SIGN
IN THE BACKGROUND?
MIGHT BE A WHILE
BEFORE I'M BACK HERE.
THANKS. HEY, MAYBE TRY AND GET
THE TRUCK IN IF YOU CAN.
Requesting backup at this time
and EMS.
DISPATCHER #2:
Roger that, A27.
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
[ SIGHS ]
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF TIME,
DANIELA.
SOONER OR LATER,
THE STREETS ARE GONNA EAT YOU.
HOW LONG YOU THINK
YOUR MOM'S GONNA LAST, HUH?
YOU ARE?
I BOUGHT A BUS TICKET. I LEFT IT
HERE FOR YOU LAST WEEK.
DID YOUR MOM TELL YOU?
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
[ SIGHS ]
COME ON.
YOU'RE GOING BACK
TO CORPUS CHRISTI.
YOU'RE GONNA LIVE
WITH YOUR GRANDMOTHER.
OR WHAT?
THEY JUST KEEP ME HERE,
LIKE IT'S PRISON?
[ DOORBELL RINGS ]
USE THE TICKET.
THEY'LL HELP YOU.
OFFICER SHERMAN.
HERE YOU GO.
THANKS, GUYS.
LOOK, THEY'RE GONNA HELP YOU.
THEY'RE GONNA HELP YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
WE HAVEN'T BEEN LOOKING
FOR THE ASSHOLE
WHO KILLED HIS P.O.,
HAVE WE, SHERMAN?
[ SIGHS ]
ALL RIGHT, LET ME GUESS.
RONNIE'S THE PIMP,
A.K.A. HER DADDY,
AND YOU BEEN SEEING HER
AROUND HERE FOR WEEKS,
KNOWING HOW FUTILE IT IS,
BUT FEELING YOU GOT
TO DO SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW WHAT A DIPSHIT
THAT MAKES YOU?
LOOK, THAT GIRL'S MOM --
CLEARLY NO ANGEL,
BUT SHE'S CAUGHT UP
IN THE CRAP.
YOU FIGURE SHE'S A VICTIM
HERSELF, RIGHT?
BUT HER DADDY?
[ SCOFFS ]
ASSHOLES LIKE THAT
DON'T DESERVE PRISON.
IT'S TOO GOOD FOR 'EM.
AND REHAB?
[ LAUGHS ] MY ASS.
HE'S NOT GONNA
"GET HIS G.E.D."
OR FIND GOD
AND BECOME A PREACHER,
TEACH KIDS IN THE HOOD
HOW TO READ
OR START A FRIGGING FOUNDATION
WHEN HE GETS OUT.
THESE GUYS ARE PARASITES.
IF IT WERE UP TO ME,
I'D SAVE THE TAXPAYERS
SOME MONEY,
KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
BUT IT'S NOT UP TO ME.
IT CAN'T BE.
IT CAN'T BE
UP TO YOU, EITHER.
SO WHAT YOU'RE THINKING
RIGHT NOW,
YOU UN-THINK IT,
GOT IT?
YOU'VE DONE ENOUGH HERE, MAN.
LET IT GO.
MOVE YOUR ARMS!
JUST KEEP DOING IT!
Tang:
HEY, PUT THE CAN DOWN!
John: MA'AM! MA'AM!
PUT THE MACE DOWN!
THIS ASSHOLE
STOLE MY WATCH.
HE CAME UP BEHIND ME
AND JUST TORE IT
OFF MY WRIST!
IS THAT WHAT HAPPENED,
SIR?
NO! BITCH IS CRAZY!
I ASKED HER FOR DIRECTIONS,
AND SHE SQUIRTED ME
IN THE FACE!
LOOK AT THESE SCRATCHES!
YOU CHECK
UNDER HIS FINGERNAILS.
HEY, SIR.
I'LL BET MY SKIN
IS UNDER THERE!
DO YOU NEED
MEDICAL ATTENTION?
YES, I DO.
NO, I'M FINE.
I'LL JUST BE ON MY WAY.
WE'RE GONNA NEED
TO SEARCH YOU, SIR.
WHAT? BASED ON
THIS BITCH'S LIES?
YES.
WHAT?!
SIR, DO YOU HAVE A SHIRT?
ALL RIGHT, YOU NEED
TO WALK TO THE WALL.
NO, I AIN'T GOT NO SHIRT.
I GET HOT.
WALK TO THE WALL,
PUT YOUR HANDS BEHIND
YOUR BACK, PLEASE.
Tang: MA'AM,
PLEASE STEP TO THE PAVEMENT.
TURN AROUND, PUT YOUR HANDS
BEHIND YOUR BACK, PLEASE.
MA'AM, PLEASE STEP OVER HERE.
STAY RIGHT THERE.
Buzby:
BUT THAT'S MY WATCH!
NO, ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
WHAT, NOW
YOU'RE A CIRCUS ACT?
YOU THINK IT'S JUST
GONNA DISAPPEAR?
OH, JESUS, HE SWALLOWED IT!
COME ON.
THAT IS 18-KARAT GOLD.
HIS STOMACH ACID
IS GONNA RUIN IT!
YOU GUYS GOOD?
COME ON!
YOU KNOW WHAT? ACTUALLY
WE'RE A LITTLE JAMMED UP, GUYS.
UH, YOU TAKE THIS GUY IN?
HE STOLE HER WATCH.
YEAH, SURE. OKAY.
GREAT. THANKS.
HOLD A SEC,
WHERE'S THE WATCH?
UH...BUY HIM A FATBURGER AND
SOME EX-LAX, AND YOU'LL SEE.
THANKS, BUDDY.
I SAW A MAN WITH A GUN,
AND HE WAS STANDING
OVER ANOTHER GUY
WHOSE HEAD WAS SHOT OFF.
AND A PIECE OF HIS SKULL
WAS IN THE STREET.
AND I FROZE.
I DIDN'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
I KIND OF WISH I JUST WOULD
HAVE RUN OR SOMETHING,
AND...
THEN I WOULDN'T HAVE HAD
TO SEE THE REST OF IT.
SEEN WHAT?
[ SIGHS ]
THE WOMAN RAN OUT
OF THE HOUSE,
AND SHE WAS HOLDING
HER TWO KIDS.
AND SHE WAS ON FIRE.
AND SHE WAS TRYING TO RUN AWAY
FROM THE HOUSE.
[ SIGHS ]
BUT IT WASN'T REALLY WORKING
BECAUSE THEIR HAIR
AND THEIR CLOTHES WERE ON FIRE.
AND THE MAN
SHOT HER IN THE BACK.
AND HE POINTED THE GUN
AT THE KIDS,
BUT HE DIDN'T SHOOT THEM.
[ LAUGHS ]
I GUESS HE JUST DECIDED
TO WATCH THEM BURN.
[ SOBBING ]
SORRY, A WORD.
DO WE HAVE
RAMON DALLO YET?
THEY'VE GOT UNITS AT HIS HOUSE,
HIS PARENTS' HOUSE.
THEY'LL GET HIM.
I NEED YOU TO WRAP THIS UP
AND HEAD ON OVER
TO THE HOSPITAL.
ONE OF THE KIDS WOKE UP
IN THE BURN UNIT,
AND I GUESS
SHE CAN SORT OF TALK.
WE NEED TO GET HER STATEMENT
QUICK IN CASE SHE DOESN'T LAST.
OKAY?
[ Sighing ] YEAH.
Ferguson: SHERMAN.
BE RIGHT BACK.
CHRIST.
WHERE'S RONNIE, AMBER?
STOP!
FUCK IF I KNOW.
THE WAY I HEARD IT,
YOU SAW HIM LAST,
OUT YOUR CAR WINDOW.
I GOT DANIELA.
YOU WANT TO SEE HER AGAIN,
YOU'LL TELL ME.
FOSTER CARE?
SHE'LL BE BACK.
SHE KNOWS WHO HER MAMA IS.
NO, NOT FOSTER CARE.
YOU ARREST HER?
YOU ASSHOLE --
HEY, HEY, HEY.
I TOOK HER, FROM THAT MOTEL,
ROOM 122.
YOU WANT TO SEE HER AGAIN,
YOU'LL TELL ME
WHERE RONNIE'S HIDING.
IF NOT...
WHAT?
YOU HURT HER?
NO, MAN. YOU'RE A COP.
RONNIE.
WAIT!
[ SNIFFS ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE,
MAN?
YOU WANT TO GET DROPPED BACK
AT THE STATION?
I'LL BE HAPPY TO.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
Dwayne's Car Wash,
223 South Normandie.
Report of two suspects,
both Hispanic males,
one in an L.A. Kings Jersey.
THAT'S FIVE BLOCKS
FROM HERE.
A57, SHOW US RESPONDING
TO THE 211 ON NORMANDIE.
DISPATCHER #2: 57, roger.
We'll show you handling. Code 3.
[ SIREN WAILING ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
TO THE RIGHT!
A57 -- SHOW US CODE 6,
CAR WASH.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
ALL RIGHT, GO, GO, GO, GO.
GET OUT OF HERE.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ GUNSHOT ]
A57, WE NEED BACKUP!
SHOTS FIRED AT OUR LOCATION!
DROP THE WEAPON NOW!
DOWN ON THE GROUND!
NO, DON'T SHOOT.
IS IT JUST THE TWO?
TWO GUYS!
JUST THE TWO?
YES, THEY GO! THEY GO!
RIGHT! STAY HERE!
YEAH!
Tang: GET OUT!
HEY! HEY!
OH!
JUST ON THE NORTH END OF THE
CAR WASH. WE HAVE A CROSSFIRE.
TANG!
STAY COVERED!
TANG, NO!
[ INDISTINCT TALKING OVER P.A. ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
OH.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ GUN COCKS ]
[ POUNDING ON DOOR ]
[ GRUNTS ]
FREEZE! FREEZE,
MOTHERFUCKER FREEZE!
I'LL FLANK HIM!
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
SHERMAN!
WHERE YOU AT?!
[ DOG BARKS ]
SHERMAN, WHERE YOU AT?!
SHERMAN!
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ GUNSHOT ]
YOU ALL RIGHT?
A36, I NEED AN R.A. UNIT IN THE
ALLEY BETWEEN PRATT AND WILTON.
VICTIM OF A GUNSHOT.
DISPATCHER:
A36, roger. R.A. unit en route.
SHERMAN, YOU ALL RIGHT?
[ SIREN WAILING ]
[ PANTING ]
ALL RIGHT, MAN.
BREATHE.
BREATHE, BREATHE, MAN. BREATHE.
RELAX, OKAY? RELAX.
[ WAILING STOPS ]
HEY, WE'RE GOOD. WE'RE OKAY.
WE'RE GOOD.
ASSHOLE PULLED A GUN.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
RAMON DALLO'S IN CUSTODY.
THEY GOT HIM
AT HIS PARENTS' PLACE.
HE SHOULD BE HERE IN A FEW,
SO YOU CAN TRY
AND GET A CONFESSION.
THOSE
THE WITNESS STATEMENTS?
YEAH.
GOOD.
ANY UPDATE ON THE KIDS?
THE BOY?
[ SIGHS ]
HE LOST BOTH HIS HANDS,
BUT, YEAH, HE'S CONSCIOUS NOW.
DOC AT THE BURN UNIT SAID
HE'LL PROBABLY PULL THROUGH.
THE GIRL'S DOUBTFUL.
[ SIGHS ]
ASSIGNED HOME
FOR THE DURATION?
YEAH.
OKAY.
I'LL START
THE PAPERWORK.
YOU KNOW, THEY SAY
THAT BABIES IN THE WOMB --
THEY HEAR
EVERYTHING WE HEAR,
THEY FEEL WHAT WE FEEL.
WHAT WE DO...
IT'S HARD ENOUGH
TO NOT LET IT GET TO YOU.
NOW...
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
...IT'S LIKE
IT'S GOING IN TOO DEEP.
AND IF IT IS,
WHERE'S IT GOING?
IT JUST FEELS WRONG,
YOU KNOW?
IT JUST DOESN'T
FEEL RIGHT.
[ ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ CHEERING ]
Hill: HEY, HEY, PIPE DOWN,
EVERYONE. SHUT UP.
THAT'S AN ORDER!
SO, MY FIRST T.O. TOLD ME
THAT SOMETIMES BEING A COP
IS LIKE PISSING
IN YOUR WET SUIT.
NOBODY HAS TO KNOW
HOW GOOD IT FEELS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SO, OFFICER TANG --
SORRY -- SERGEANT TANG...
I THINK WE'RE ALL PISSING
IN OUR WET SUIT TONIGHT
KNOWING THAT THE RIGHT COPPER
GOT PROMOTED.
SO, I'M PROUD OF YOU.
WE'RE ALL PROUD OF YOU.
GOOD LUCK TO YOU.
[ CHEERING ]
HEY!
NEXT ROUND'S ON DEEMER!
[ CHEERING ]
HEY,
THANKS FOR THE SPEECH.
REALLY MOVING.
NOTHING CAME TO MIND.
HOW ABOUT,
"NICE RIDING WITH YOU"?
YOU WANT ME TO SAY
YOU'RE A GOOD COP?
OKAY. YOU'RE A GOOD COP.
LOAD OFF?
YEAH. RIGHT.
YOU ALERTED
TO A SHOT CIVILIAN
INSTEAD OF STAYING FOCUSED
LIKE WE'RE TRAINED.
WE'RE TRAINED TO PROTECT
AND SAVE LIVES.
WHILE RISKING MINE?
YOU DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE THE SECOND SUSPECT WAS.
WHAT IF HE CAME BACK
BLASTING,
WHILE YOU WERE
OUT THERE PLAYING HERO?
I WAS DOING MY JOB.
YOU SAY SO, SERGEANT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE BOTH KNOW WHAT
THIS IS REALLY ABOUT.
WHY DON'T
YOU JUST SAY IT?
NOW YOU WANT ME TALKING
ABOUT IT?
YEAH, I DO.
I MADE A CHOICE...
THE RIGHT ONE.
FOR YOU.
GLASS HOUSES.
WHAT?
REHAB FOR YOUR BACK?
GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK.
THAT WAS PERSONAL.
BULLSHIT!
YOU LIED TO SAVE
YOUR OWN ASS.
AND YOUR FELLOW OFFICERS
COVERED FOR YOU
BECAUSE THEY KNEW
YOU WERE A GOOD COP.
DON'T TRY TO COMPARE ME
TO YOU
'CAUSE
WE ARE NOT THE SAME.
KEEP TELLING
YOURSELF THAT.
I WAS AN ADDICT.
I AM AN ADDICT.
I WAS WEAK,
AND I WILL NEVER FORGIVE MYSELF,
BUT I AM FIGHTING
EVERY GODDAMN DAY TO FIX IT.
YOU SHOT A KID...A KID.
THEN YOU LIED ABOUT IT SO
YOU COULD, WHAT, MOVE AHEAD?
IT WAS A FUCKING
ACCIDENT!
YOU THINK YOU KNOW
WHAT'S RIGHT AND WRONG.
WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU,
GOD?!
HERE. YOU DECIDE.
[ TIP CLATTERS ]
[ SCOFFS ]
MAKE SURE, UH...
MAKE SURE
YOU EAT SOMETHING.
EAT SOMETHING.
YOU'RE GOING
SOMEWHERE BETTER.
ALL RIGHT?
[ BUS DOORS CLOSE ]
[ SIGHS ]
LYDIA.
TERRELL.
UM...
I'M PREGNANT.
AND YOU'RE THE FATHER.
I MEAN...
WHAT SHOULD WE DO?
DO YOU WANT ME
TO TALK TO YVETTE OR --
NO, NO.
'CAUSE I WILL TALK TO YVETTE
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
I MEAN, IT WILL BE COMPLICATED
WITH THE KIDS AND ALL...
TERRELL. I DON'T
WANT TO BLOW UP YOUR LIFE.
I'M NOT HERE TO BLOW UP
YOUR LIFE.
I JUST KNOW
YOU NEEDED YOU TO KNOW.
MAYBE ONE DAY
WE CAN WORK THINGS OUT
SO YOU AND YOUR SON
CAN GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER?
[ CHUCKLES ]
SON?
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU GOT TO --
YOU GOT TO GO TO WORK.
YEAH, I DO.
[ SIGHS ]
WHERE'S DANIELA?
PROBABLY IN ARIZONA
ABOUT NOW.
WHAT?
SHE'S HEADING BACK TO CORPUS
CHRISTI WHERE SHE'LL BE SAFE.
IF YOU REALLY GIVE A DAMN
ABOUT HER, YOU'LL JOIN HER.
YOU...
YOU LIED TO ME, HUH?
EVEN AFTER WE HAD
A FUCKING DEAL?!
RONNIE IS GONNA FIND YOU
AND FUCK YOU UP!
YOU TAKE OUR BABY?
HE'S GONNA FIND YOU,
MOTHERFUCKER.
STAY SAFE OUT HERE,
MA'AM.
[ BEEPING ]
YOU FUCKING PIECE
OF SHIT!
FUCK!
[ CRYING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
HELLO. MORNING.
[ CONVERSATIONS STOP ]
GOOD MORNING.
GOOD MORNING, MA'AM.
I'M JESSICA TANG.
I'M YOUR NEW WATCH COMMANDER.
I'M SURE YOU'VE HEARD
OTHER NICKNAMES FOR ME --
POOTIE TANG, WU TANG,
JOY LUCK, HOLLYWOOD.
FROM NOW ON...
I'M GONNA BE SERGEANT TANG.
OKAY, LET'S GET STARTED.
John: I GOT A TWO-MINUTE RULE,
WATSON,
WHICH YOU JUST BROKE.
TWO MINUTES AFTER ROLL CALL,
WE HIT THE ROAD.
YOU TAKE THIS LONG AGAIN,
I WILL SHOVE OFF WITHOUT YOU!
Watson: YES, SIR!
EXTRA BATTERIES
FOR THE RADIO?!
Watson: YES, SIR.
POSSE BOX SQUARED AWAY?!
YES, SIR.
RD MAPS, P.I.R.s,
IMPOUND REPORTS?
YES, SIR.
YOU GOT SOMETHING TO WRITE WITH,
AND AN EXTRA WHEN THAT DRIES UP?
YES, SIR.
WHEN THAT ASSHOLE ON PCP
STARTS TO BITE
RIGHT THROUGH MY NECK,
YOU GONNA RUB YOUR FINGER
ON THE FLOOR CARPET
AND SHOCK HIM?
WHERE'S YOUR TASER, SON?
SHIT --
I MEAN SORRY, SIR.
LET ME RUN BACK
AND GET IT.
I GOT AN EXTRA ONE IN MY BAG.
JUST GET IN THE CAR.
METAL PART IN THE BUCKLE.
THERE YOU GO, NICE WORK.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
WHAT'S THAT THING, SIR?
GOOD-LUCK CHARM MAYBE?
YOU KNOW YOUR CODES?
[ ROLLING STONES'
"STREET FIGHTING MAN" PLAYING ]
* EVERYWHERE I HEAR THE SOUND OF
MARCHING, CHARGING FEET, BOY *
Man: HEY,
NICE SHOT YESTERDAY, KID.
THAT'S ONE LESS ASSHOLE
TAKING UP SPACE.
* THE TIME IS RIGHT FOR
FIGHTING IN THE STREET, BOY *
* BUT WHAT CAN A POOR BOY DO *
* EXCEPT TO SING
FOR A ROCK-'N'-ROLL BAND? *
* 'CAUSE IN SLEEPY LONDON TOWN *
* THERE'S JUST NO PLACE
FOR A STREET FIGHTING MAN *
* NO *
* HEY! I THINK THE TIME IS RIGHT
FOR A PALACE REVOLUTION *